README.md, before:

# globomap-core-loader

Application responsible for reading connected applications events and apply them to the [Globo Map API](https://github.com/globocom/globomap-api).
This application makes use of decoupled drivers for reading and transforming sources' information and make
them available for updating the [Globo Map API](https://github.com/globocom/globomap-api).

Drivers:

[Network API driver](https://github.com/globocom/globomap-driver-napi)

[Cloudstack driver](https://github.com/globocom/globomap-driver-acs)

## Environment variables configuration
All of the environment variables below must be set for the application to work properly.

| Variable                    | Description                                                        | Example                      |
|-----------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------|
| DRIVER_FETCH_INTERVAL       | Interval in seconds on which the updates are fetched from a driver | 60 (default)                 |
| GLOBOMAP_API_ADDRESS        | Globo Map API address                                              | http://globomap.domain.com   |
| GLOBOMAP_RMQ_HOST           | RabbitMQ host                                                      | rabbitmq.yourdomain.com      |
| GLOBOMAP_RMQ_PORT           | RabbitMQ port                                                      | 5672 (default)               |
| GLOBOMAP_RMQ_USER           | RabbitMQ user                                                      | user-name                    |
| GLOBOMAP_RMQ_PASSWORD       | RabbitMQ password                                                  | password                     |
| GLOBOMAP_RMQ_VIRTUAL_HOST   | RabbitMQ virtual host                                              | /globomap                    |
| GLOBOMAP_RMQ_QUEUE_NAME     | RabbitMQ queue name                                                | globomap-updates             |
| GLOBOMAP_RMQ_EXCHANGE       | RabbitMQ updates exchange name                                     | globomap-updates-exchange    |
| GLOBOMAP_RMQ_ERROR_EXCHANGE | RabbitMQ error exchange name                                       | globomap-errors-exchange     |
| GLOBOMAP_RMQ_BINDING_KEY    | RabbitMQ generic driver API binding key                            | globomap.updates (default)   |

## API
[Documentation](https://github.com/globocom/globomap-core-loader/blob/master/doc/api.md)

Commit message:

Adding environment variables for Database pool configuration

README.md, after:

# globomap-core-loader

Application responsible for reading connected applications events and apply them to the [Globo Map API](https://github.com/globocom/globomap-api).
This application makes use of decoupled drivers for reading and transforming sources' information and make
them available for updating the [Globo Map API](https://github.com/globocom/globomap-api).

Drivers:

[Network API driver](https://github.com/globocom/globomap-driver-napi)

[Cloudstack driver](https://github.com/globocom/globomap-driver-acs)

## Environment variables configuration
All of the environment variables below must be set for the application to work properly.

| Variable                    | Description                                                        | Example                      |
|-----------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------|
| DRIVER_FETCH_INTERVAL       | Interval in seconds on which the updates are fetched from a driver | 60 (default)                 |
| GLOBOMAP_API_ADDRESS        | Globo Map API address                                              | http://globomap.domain.com   |
| GLOBOMAP_RMQ_HOST           | RabbitMQ host                                                      | rabbitmq.yourdomain.com      |
| GLOBOMAP_RMQ_PORT           | RabbitMQ port                                                      | 5672 (default)               |
| GLOBOMAP_RMQ_USER           | RabbitMQ user                                                      | user-name                    |
| GLOBOMAP_RMQ_PASSWORD       | RabbitMQ password                                                  | password                     |
| GLOBOMAP_RMQ_VIRTUAL_HOST   | RabbitMQ virtual host                                              | /globomap                    |
| GLOBOMAP_RMQ_QUEUE_NAME     | RabbitMQ queue name                                                | globomap-updates             |
| GLOBOMAP_RMQ_EXCHANGE       | RabbitMQ updates exchange name                                     | globomap-updates-exchange    |
| GLOBOMAP_RMQ_ERROR_EXCHANGE | RabbitMQ error exchange name                                       | globomap-errors-exchange     |
| GLOBOMAP_RMQ_BINDING_KEY    | RabbitMQ generic driver API binding key                            | globomap.updates (default)   |
| DATABASE_POOL_SIZE          | Relational database connection pool size                           | 20 (default)                 |
| DATABASE_POOL_OVERFLOW      | Relational database connection pool overflow                       | 10 (default)                 |
| DATABASE_POOL_RECYCLE       | Number of seconds in which an idle connection is refreshed         | 120 (default)                |

## API
[Documentation](https://github.com/globocom/globomap-core-loader/blob/master/doc/api.md)
